The next topic we have is trusted Oracles.
Now, Oracles that are run in the enterprise,
in a private scenario are typically controlled by the administrator and perhaps,
the team that's working and supporting
the Oracle might also be the team that's supporting the Smart Contract.
So that's a very not decentralized,
it's a very centralized approach to Oracles,
and that's a trusted Oracle.
Obviously, when you have a scenario like that,
you have a central point of failure.
You have your Smart Contract,
it's obviously going to run on a blockchain,
whether it's private or public.
But if the Oracle is no longer responding or is down,
it becomes a single point of failure,
and then your Smart Contract application cannot function properly.
In general, you can think of a trusted Oracle as
a proxy for your Smart Contract to access data.
But because it is it does not have the capabilities of trustless Oracles,
which we'll talk about here shortly,
it limits its scope to private business use.
Let's take a quiz now.
What is the primary purpose of Oracles?